All right. So let's check out the code for doing this search.
So here's our search function,
and we're passing in this target value that we're interested in.
So it's representing suspected flow,
which is x and y in this case.
Then we have our distance tolerance,
and we're trying to see which points in the tree are
within that distance tolerance of this target point.
What we're returning is this factor of ints.
So we're interested in the indices of these points that are nearby.
We're going to use this searchHelper,
so we can do this recursively.
What we're going to pass it is the target point.
We're going to pass it at the start of the tree which is the root,
and thus that root depth is zero.
Then we're going to pass a distance tolerance and IDs,
which is passing by reference.
So we'll solely be building that up in our recursive function,
and be returning that.
So let's check out searchHelper.
So if a node is not null, basically,
we're just going to see if that node is within that target box or not.
So we just get that x value,
and we do a comparison.
So that box is center of that target,
and then it has this length of two times distance tolerance.
So from that center, we can go minus distance tolerance,
and we can go plus distance tolerance to see if it's in that region or not.
That's what we're doing for x, and we do the exact same thing for y.
So that'll tell us if that node,
x y values is inside that box, that target box.
If it is, then we're just going to go ahead and check out the distance of it.
So we're just going to find the distance between the node x y in the target x y.
If the distance is less than or equal to distance tolerance,
then we're going to go ahead and push back the node ID onto IDs.
Then after we're done doing that,
that box check, we're just seeing where we want to flow in the tree.
If you want to flow left or right.
So we do that by checking the box boundary.
So we have this depth mode 2.
So we're just trying to see which,
if we should be doing an x or y comparison.
Then we are just looking at that box boundary.
So if we want to see if we should flow to the left,
then we look at that very left boundary.
So we do minus distance tolerance here,
and we see if that's less than this node x or y value,
whichever one that we're comparing.
If it is, then we know that that box is in that left region,
and if it's in that left region,
we just call searchHelper with the node left.
So we're flowing to the left and we go ahead and increment depth by one.
We do the exact same thing for the right side.
So the only difference here is we're seeing if it's greater than.
So if that box,
that very left edge of the box is greater than that node x or y value,
then that box is in the right region.
We do the exact same thing,
so we go node right,
and we go ahead and do depth plus 1.
Then we can check this function and cluster,
they're in line 115.
We have this kind of a test search.
We're just going to call the tree and search.
I was going to go ahead and use minus 67 with a distance tolerance of three,
and see which indices lie in there,
and we'd expect indices 0,1,2, and 3.
So let's go ahead and run that.
Our output is 0,1,2, and 3.
So our point was over in this region,
we had this distance tolerance of three.
So here is those four points with index 0,1,2, and 3.